Update documentation.md (#7609)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/documentation.md

Docs blocks provide a robust method for documenting models and other resources using Jinja and markdown. Docs block files can contain arbitrary markdown, but they must be uniquely named. 

### Syntax

> To declare a docs block, use the Jinja `docs` tag. Their names can't start with a digit and may contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare a docs block, use the Jinja `docs` tag. The name of a docs block can't start with a digit and may contain:
```
